hi guys welcome to China
I went to four different cities
beijing xian gen jg and Shanghai
back in September and let me
just say that it was quite an
adventure
I got to see the best of each
city and I wanted to you guys
along with me
so pack up or heading for e
what's going on work out at all
you're the one that was about it
Beijing is known for the
forbidden city and tiananmen
square
this place is huge it has lots
of tourists and no shade
so make sure you wear sunscreen
and a half the forbidden city
was the Imperial Palace four
emperors and the royal court
this compound is no joke you
guys and the more you walk the
more everything starts looking
like
when I guess
one super interesting fact I
learned it was that the Emperor
besides from this Queen also had
over 3,000 concubines AKA side
chicks
yes I believe it and on top of
that he changed out 300 girls
per year
this was actually very normal in
fact expected back in the days
women was drive to be concubine
to the emperor in hopes of
burying him a child and me are
where all the concubine live
member has about over 3,000
punky body
so that's a lot of women in
business for the Emperor to
choose the new girl you
at every years 3 and refers to
the waiting to be truthful
and every day I wanted on the
girls wait here
yeah we're here for the
amplitude just you can't be mine
here right yeah yeah
wow you choose the most of you
Wow after exploring the
forbidden city and tiananmen
square we grab lunch and took a
little trip to what is known as
the hutongs of beijing hutong
means alleys in Chinese and
that's exactly what this quintal
part of Beijing was all about
there were alleys of very old
traditional chinese homes with
beautiful courtyards and a
feeling of old China that just
takes you back hundreds of years
traditional chinese family's
from Haiti
follow me to the side hello and
here you have two days
there you go to their own the
yard
yeah
these homes are
multimillion-dollar properties
and go back generations of
families
it was pretty cool to experience
a kind of time war being in
hutong and then we loved and saw
confu show with real
shalin monks how cool is that
and I ran into somebody hi
she's like here your house of
kolor like yeah at the most
hey man
that rush want in Beijing and
snow
going to trial you think that
was one of my favorite dishes
ever
this thing is pretty good
is that I'm a pretty freaking
hungry
18 now and if we're going to get
something to eat it's about 7 30
in the morn
we've got a really full date so
we're going to chow down on some
amazing breakfast
the hero steps and it's very
very very very steep but we're
going to take it on
so wish me luck
the steps are no joke take a
look
one step is almost the size of
half of my leg
granted my legs aren't at all
but still it is just finished
climbing the great want and have
lunch and now we're at a ceramic
or metal place
everything's pretty much
handmade
it was amazing to see how things
came to life
it blew my mind to see how much
time and dedication each project
required every bit of metal you
see here was glued on by hand
and with immense position
we're wrapping up our last day
in Beijing and preparing for our
next destination
she on Beijing Airport and we're
waiting for our flight to go to
Xian it is the ancient capital
of china and so excited because
we get to see the Terracotta
Warriors if you guys ever come
to Beijing remember that the air
quality here is kind of course
so if you have as much
don't forget your inhaler and if
you don't have asthma pair to
experience what has no feels
like because yesterday I walked
about to block and I came back
and I had problems breathing
I'll see you guys in Xi'an
jion was actually China's
original capital and a very
ancient city
it dates back thousands of years
and is home to the famous
terracotta army
fun fact there is a huge Muslim
following in Xi'an mainly
because way back then
merchants from Persian
Afghanistan traveled along the
Silk Road to sell their goods to
China and ended up selling their
goods for good to chinese women
therefore making a new home and
she on
yeah
later that evening we attended a
very cool traditional chinese
like opera show with a full
course of all types of dumplings
a cuisine xian is famous for it
was so delicious and the
entertainment was spectacular
no china trip is complete
without a visit to the
terracotta warrior site
this crazy massive underground
army was only discovered 40
years ago in 1974 back i right
there was actually one of the
individuals that discovered the
very first piece of the artifact
now it wasn't found all nice and
easy as you see it here
it was broken and shattered into
millions of pieces and they've
been restored throughout the
years so that you know I can
enjoy their presence
the Emperor that order for this
huge army to be built wanted
protection in his afterlife and
their placement underground are
waiting on our next flight to
like to thank G
I always have a problem thing
that it is
that ratio
time for jizz and I really can't
wait
arts education and i'll see you
guys
jg was the destination I was
most excited about
I saw it first on one of those
random list of places you have
to see before you die
and of course I was mesmerized
by the pictures I didn't think
such a place existed a real life
Dora like the movie Avatar
photos and even this video
clearly does not do this place
any justice
it is so plush and there are
huge and i'm yoon monumental
rocks that stick straight up
above the ground with trees
growing out of the site
it's a crazy scene
if this he looks familiar to you
probably watched the movie
Avatar like I've mentioned jg
was james cameron's inspiration
for the movie
obviously you can see why it's
completely mind-blowing and
magical
unfortunately I was there on a
very clear day with no cloud in
the sky but i can only imagine
how much more beautiful have
been cascading blankets of puffy
white hovering over the piece
yeah
the following day we spent
exploring other parts of this
beautiful force it was so cool
to see such raw organic land
untapped and preserved
I feel like you can do on David
i am good
coming from a metropolis city I
don't get to connect with nature
this way so it was very
refreshing to be able to just
live in the moment
yeah
hi everyone we're here in you
Gargan here in Chiang Mai just
have to
seeing my dumpling and they were
of me being so hot .
make aa Shanghai
I've heard so much about you and
you know what
all of it was true shanghai was
a fascinating City a melting pot
of international students say
here you can find old china
mixed in with new China and so
many varieties of cultures from
around the world living together
in one city just took a nap and
now about to go eat some
crawfish which is actually quite
popular here in Shanghai didn't
know that but I saw that online
so let's go check it out maybe
if thats good as it is back home
we stayed right on nanjing road
which is like the time square of
Shanghai
there's a lot of shopping rush
want snack places and you can
walk around and feel like the
ultimate tours here so we
stopped by a Russian to eat some
crawfish and the super hairy
crab that I've never seen before
I think that's one of the best
things about traveling to a
foreign place to try foods that
you're not used to
and by the way it was so good
I basically spent my time in
Shanghai just eating and
relaxing
it was a great end caps my trip
to China I absolutely love
hearing from you guys and seeing
all the photos you tag me on
instagram when you travel abroad
it really makes me feel like I'm
there with you and hopefully
this video made you feel like
you were here with me to be sure
to check out my blog for more
photos
give this video a thumbs up if
you liked it subscribe to my
channel for more and that's it i
hope you guys enjoyed my little
trip here in China
do I